Baby back, aye
Couple racks, aye
Couple Grammys on him,
Couple plaques, aye
That’s a fact, aye
Throw it back, aye
And this one is for the
champions
I ain’t lost since I began, yuh
Funny how you said it was the
end, yuh
Then I went did it again, yuh
I told you long ago, on the road
I got what they waitin’ for
Ion’ run from nothing, dog
Get your soldiers, tell ’em I
ain’t laying low
You was never really rooting
for me anyway
When I’m back up at the top I
wanna hear you say
He don’t run from nothing, dog
Get your soldiers tell ’em that
the break is over
uh need a
uh need to get this album done
need a couple number ones
need a plaque on every song
Need me like one with Nicki now
Tell a rap n****a Ion’ see ya,
ha
Ima pop n****a like Bieber, ha
Ion’ fuck bitches I’m queer, ha
But these n****as bitches like
madea
Yeah yeah yeahhhhhhh
Ay, let’s do it
I ain’t fall off, I just ain’t
release my new shit
I blew up now everybody tryna
sue me
You call me Nas, but the hood
call me Doobie yah
And this one is for the
champions
I ain’t lost since I began, yuh
Funny how you said it was the
end, yuh
Then I went did it again, yuh
I told you long ago, on the road
I got what they waitin’ for (I
got what they wait on’ for)
Ion’ run from nothing, dog
Get your soldiers, tell ’em I
ain’t laying low (bitch I aint
runnin’ from nowhere)
You was never really rooting
for me anyway
When I’m back up at the top I
wanna hear you say
He don’t run from nothing, dog
Get your soldiers tell ’em that
the break is over
My track record so clean
They couldn’t wait to just bash
me
I must be getting too flashy
Y’all shouldn’t’a let the world
gas me
It’s too late ’cause I’m here
to say, and these girls know
that I’m nasty
I sent her back to her
boyfriend with my handprint on
her ass cheek
City talking we taking notes
Tell ’em all to keep making
posts
Wish he could but he can’t get
close
OGs so proud of me that he
choking up while he making toast
I’m the type that you can’t
control
Said I would then I made it so
I don’t clear up rumors
Where’s y’all sense of humor?
I’m done making jokes ’cause
they got old like baby boomers
Turn my haters to consumers
I make vets feel like they
juniors
Say your time is coming soon
but just like Oklahoma
Mine is coming sooner
I’m just a late bloomer
I didn’t peak in high school,
I’m still out here getting cuter
All these social networks and
computers
Got these pussies walking
’round like they ain’t losers
I told you long ago, on the road
I got what they waitin’ for (I
got what they wait on’ for)
Ion’ run from nothing, dog
Get your soldiers, tell ’em I
ain’t laying low
(bitch I aint runnin’ from
nowhere)
You was never really rooting
for me anyway
When I’m back up at the top I
wanna hear you say
He don’t run from nothing, dog
Get your soldiers tell ’em that
the break is over
Yeah
I’m the industry baby